README.md, before:

# Cloud Storage Security Terraform Module

## Overview

This Terraform module facilitates the seamless setup and deployment of Cloud Storage Security (CSS) within an AWS environment as an alternative to the CloudFormation deployment method.

## Prerequisites
Subscribe to AWS Marketplace Listing
In order to run the product, you must be subscribed to one of Cloud Storage Security's listings in AWS Marketplace.

Our primary listing may be found at the link below. `Click Continue to Subscribe`, and continue until you reach the deployment step. This process will be run instead of the CloudFormation deployment that is described in the listing.

[Antivirus for Amazon S3 - PAYG with 30 DAY FREE TRIAL](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-q7oc4shdnpc4w)

## Usage example

Example of a minimal deploy using only required inputs: 
```hcl
module "cloud-storage-security" {
  source       = "cloudstoragesec/cloud-storage-security/aws"
  version      = "" # Latest version of the module from Provision Instructions
  cidr         = ["1.2.3.4/32", "4.5.6.7/24"] # Comma separated list of CIDR blocks that are allowed access to the CSS Console (default value is ["0.0.0.0/0"] for open access)
  email        = "admin@example.com" #The email address to be used for the initial admin account created for the CSS Console
  subnet_a_id  = "subnet-aaa" #A subnet ID within the VPC that may be used for ECS tasks for this deployment
  subnet_b_id  = "subnet-bbb" #A second subnet ID within the VPC that may be used for ECS tasks for this deployment. We recommend choosing subnets in different availability zones
  vpc          = "vpc-xxx" #The VPC ID in which to place the public facing Console
}
```
Refer to the inputs/outputs tabs for additional customization options and their descriptions.

### Follow these steps to deploy the module:

* Module Initialization: Use Terraform to initialize the module.
* Configure Variables: Set the necessary variables for your deployment.
* Apply: Execute the Terraform plan and apply the deployment.

Upon completion, the module provides outputs such as `console_web_address` and `username`. Refer to these outputs for accessing the deployed CSS Console.
```hcl
output "console_web_address" {
  value = module.cloud-storage-security.console_web_address
}
output "username" {
  value = module.cloud-storage-security.username
}
```
Additionally the module provides the outputs for use in the linked account sub-module used to link an additional AWS account to the main Cloud Storage Security (CSS) deployment.

## Warning
This module uses `aws` and `awscc` providers, and both providers must be set to the same region. Below is an example configuration:
```hcl
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-east-1"
}

provider "awscc" {
  region = "us-east-1"
}
```
## Solution Cleanup / Uninstall

After the deployment, additional items may be created through console operations. 
Before initiating the `terraform destroy` command, it is recommended to use the built-in application cleanup method to ensure the removal of all items created by the console. 
Refer to the [Help Docs](https://help.cloudstoragesec.com/console-overview/monitoring/deployment-overview#solution-cleanup-uninstall) for detailed instructions on the cleanup process.

**Note:** The AWS Terraform provider does not currently support deleting SSM schema documents as of this release. To address this, you may need to manually delete them by running the following AWS CLI command:
```bash
aws ssm delete-document --name CloudStorageSecConfig-Schema-application_id --force
```
Where `application_id` is the unique ID that identifies the deployment and is provided as an output.

For additional information and detailed help documentation, please visit the [Cloud Storage Security Help Docs](https://help.cloudstoragesec.com/)

Commit message:

chore(README Warning): Add a warning to the README about the risks of pointing to our main branch on Github instead of using the Terraform Registry releases.

README.md, after:

# Cloud Storage Security Terraform Module

## Overview

This Terraform module facilitates the seamless setup and deployment of Cloud Storage Security (CSS) within an AWS environment as an alternative to the CloudFormation deployment method.

## Prerequisites
Subscribe to AWS Marketplace Listing
In order to run the product, you must be subscribed to one of Cloud Storage Security's listings in AWS Marketplace.

Our primary listing may be found at the link below. `Click Continue to Subscribe`, and continue until you reach the deployment step. This process will be run instead of the CloudFormation deployment that is described in the listing.

[Antivirus for Amazon S3 - PAYG with 30 DAY FREE TRIAL](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-q7oc4shdnpc4w)

## Usage example

**Warning:** Please ensure `source` points to the Terraform Registry and not Github. Only Terraform Registry releases are considered stable. Pointing to the `main` branch on Github could result in undesirable behavior and complicate upgrades.

Example of a minimal deploy using only required inputs: 
```hcl
module "cloud-storage-security" {
  source       = "cloudstoragesec/cloud-storage-security/aws"
  version      = "" # Latest version of the module from Provision Instructions
  cidr         = ["1.2.3.4/32", "4.5.6.7/24"] # Comma separated list of CIDR blocks that are allowed access to the CSS Console (default value is ["0.0.0.0/0"] for open access)
  email        = "admin@example.com" #The email address to be used for the initial admin account created for the CSS Console
  subnet_a_id  = "subnet-aaa" #A subnet ID within the VPC that may be used for ECS tasks for this deployment
  subnet_b_id  = "subnet-bbb" #A second subnet ID within the VPC that may be used for ECS tasks for this deployment. We recommend choosing subnets in different availability zones
  vpc          = "vpc-xxx" #The VPC ID in which to place the public facing Console
}
```
Refer to the inputs/outputs tabs for additional customization options and their descriptions.

### Follow these steps to deploy the module:

* Module Initialization: Use Terraform to initialize the module.
* Configure Variables: Set the necessary variables for your deployment.
* Apply: Execute the Terraform plan and apply the deployment.

Upon completion, the module provides outputs such as `console_web_address` and `username`. Refer to these outputs for accessing the deployed CSS Console.
```hcl
output "console_web_address" {
  value = module.cloud-storage-security.console_web_address
}
output "username" {
  value = module.cloud-storage-security.username
}
```
Additionally the module provides the outputs for use in the linked account sub-module used to link an additional AWS account to the main Cloud Storage Security (CSS) deployment.

## Warning
This module uses `aws` and `awscc` providers, and both providers must be set to the same region. Below is an example configuration:
```hcl
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-east-1"
}

provider "awscc" {
  region = "us-east-1"
}
```
## Solution Cleanup / Uninstall

After the deployment, additional items may be created through console operations. 
Before initiating the `terraform destroy` command, it is recommended to use the built-in application cleanup method to ensure the removal of all items created by the console. 
Refer to the [Help Docs](https://help.cloudstoragesec.com/console-overview/monitoring/deployment-overview#solution-cleanup-uninstall) for detailed instructions on the cleanup process.

**Note:** The AWS Terraform provider does not currently support deleting SSM schema documents as of this release. To address this, you may need to manually delete them by running the following AWS CLI command:
```bash
aws ssm delete-document --name CloudStorageSecConfig-Schema-application_id --force
```
Where `application_id` is the unique ID that identifies the deployment and is provided as an output.

For additional information and detailed help documentation, please visit the [Cloud Storage Security Help Docs](https://help.cloudstoragesec.com/)
